Five categories

Good
Evil 
Negation of Good 
Negation of Evil 
Neutral 

Guiding Principle 
Guiding Principle for Ethical Scenarios: Do the least harm possible to those who would be reasonably expected to do the least harm possible, unless doing so would create a more likely then not chance that greater harm is done as a direct result of this action. You are not obligated to put yourself in harms way to stop harm.

Two ways of analyzing morals: 
Intention or Consequences (Intentionalism or Consequentialism) 

Category Examples and Definitions 

The way that I'm analyzing all categories: they are all context dependent on the situation, and dependent on the *alternative* option as well. 
I look at: what is the most likely thing the actor would do before they are faced with a choice. What are their choices. What do they choose to do, in the context of what they were going to do before facing that choice, and what harm these three points in time would have caused to the world. 

Good: To 'do the right thing' 
Evil: To cause more harm in the world 
Negation of Good: To take something good that you (the actor) were going to do and go back on it/do not do that thing. This can include inaction. 
Negation of Evil: To take something evil that you (the actor) or someone else (not the actor) has done and go back on it or mitigate the consequences of someone else's evil actions. This can include inaction. 

You are a military commander, deciding whether or not to deploy white phosophorous against a civilian population which causes burns and environmental damage. You choose to: (a) deploy the gas or (b) do not use the weapon. 
(A) is evil 
(B) is negation of evil
You are already thinking of deploying the gas. The gas is evil because it causes harm. If you don't, you will have negated evil in the world, which has stopped a timeline where harm could have occured. 

You are on the jury of a high-profile court case. A reporter asks you while the court case is still ongoing what your thoughts are. You (a) give a statement on record or (b) refuse to respond. 
(A) is good 
(B) is negation of good 
You were going to not talk to anyone at first. Then, you have an option to do something that is a deviation from this path. Therefore, you can choose an option that says no to doing something bad, which is *good*. 
Or, you can choose to talk to the reporter and negate the good you would have done by not talking. (This could actually also be evil or negation of evil, so up for discussion). 

You have to help wake your sibling up for their important test. 
You choose to: (a) wake your sibling up on time or (b) let them sleep through their alarm. 
(A) is good 
(B) is evil. 
You already promised to do something. Keeping on the promise, which causes good in the world, is good (both the keeping of, and the promise itself - waking up on time - creates more good in the world). 
Breaking your promise and letting your sibling be late is two bad things, both of which cause harm, so it is evil. 
